>>JEAN SLATTER: From
an energetic viewpoint,
an allergy is an attempt
upon the part of the body
to protect you against something
it thinks is going to harm you.
The question is, can we
change the body's mind?
We have the subtle
bodies, we have chakras,
we have meridians, but the one
that people rarely ever talk
about is the mind of the body.
If this body's being
threatened, I'll
do what I have to do
to protect myself.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Even if someone
who hasn't been
hanging out on Earth
comes and does a little
fly by incarnation,
you still inherit all of that
and it feels like your own.
Let's address ancestral memory.
>>JEAN: You would never
associate that with an allergy,
and yet any symptom can be
related to an allergy based
on the meridian.
For more than 20
years, she would hardly
get out of her pajamas.
She went out and
got her hair done.
She made a beautiful
dinner, got her makeup on,
wore a pretty dress, had
a candlelight dinner,
and her husband
walks in the door.
And she says, notice
anything different.
>>REGINA: How's this for
an outrageous question.
Can we be allergic to love?
How about money, even God?
These are the questions
we'll be proposing today
as we're back with Jean
Slatter, our master douser.
The crux of the conversation
is that every day we're
being affected by our body's
own intelligence, which
has its own programs
and its own preferences.
Right?
>>JEAN: Absolutely.
And I'm so excited to talk
about this subject, because--
>>REGINA: I love it.
>>JEAN: It's a
fascinating idea that you
could be allergic to concepts
like love, money, success,
power, even God.
Who would ever have thought?
But by the end of
this conversation,
not only are you going to
understand how such thing could
happen but it's also
going to explain
the missing piece
to describe some
of the bizarre symptoms
and behavioral reactions.
>>REGINA: Because
they're layers down.
>>JEAN: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>JEAN: And when you
find yourself going,
I don't know what came over me.
I don't know why
I acted like I did
and things like that,
you're going to understand
why that would happen.
And furthermore,
you'll get the key
to reversing it and undoing
it in an at home process.
So that's what we're
going to cover here.
>>REGINA: Just a little
thing and the thing
is when we're reacting
to life around us--
and everybody's
reacting right now.
Oh my God.
I mean, if you listen to some
of the astrologers we've had on
and so forth, we're in a period
of deconstruction and chaos
as we're preparing to
advance our consciousness
and enter into a new
agreement, humanity itself,
a new agreement with itself.
Doing things to a
higher level hopefully.
But in the interim,
it's just chaos,
and people don't
know who to trust
and what to trust anymore.
And you're saying,
look to the body.
It never lies.
Right?
So let's talk about the nature
of this body intelligence.
>>JEAN: OK.
So when we talk about the
anatomy of our energy field,
we describe all sorts of
terms like our conscious mind,
our subconscious mind,
our higher conscious.
We have the subtle
bodies, which is
our physical, mental,
emotional, spiritual.
We have chakras.
We have meridians.
We've talked about
all those divisions,
and people are
familiar with them.
But the one that people
rarely ever talk about
is the mind of the body.
The body actually
has its own mind.
And it governs this animal
nature body that we have here.
And its primary
program is survival.
Just like nature,
it has to survive.
Right.
And all of nature
is seeking to find
what is threatening
my survival and what
is friendly to my survival.
And so this intelligence
that we have in the body
is always checking
our environment,
what is safe for me, and
what isn't safe for me.
And that will supersede
even the conscious mind,
the subconscious mind,
even our soul's desire.
If this body is
being threatened,
it'll take over and
say, I'll do what
I have to do to protect myself.
>>REGINA: Indeed.
And now, you and I have
a slightly different view
of the subconscious mind
and let's talk about that.
Because you say even
beyond the subconscious.
So I view it as a
very simple thing.
The subconscious as a repository
for everything that's ever
been, every trauma, everything.
But that is translated
into the physical body.
All of that information
is translated
to the physical matrix.
So in a sense, we're agreeing.
I'm just saying that
the subconscious is also
programming that trauma into
the body to remember like, oh,
don't like blue things
or whatever it is.
Yeah.
>>JEAN: Right.
Everything affects everything.
Right.
Can our emotions affect
our physical health?
Can the subconscious
affect our physical health?
Everything is
intertwined, everything
affects everything
else, except it's
important to differentiate.
And here's why.
We have to know
where an injury has
occurred in order to heal it.
So a perfect example is if
you have an emotional heart,
you just had a heart break.
It's not going to do any good to
put a Band-Aid over your heart.
Or you just had a significant
argument with someone,
and there's a misunderstanding.
It won't do any good to put
a Band-Aid on your forehead.
Right.
So you have to address
it where the injury
and imbalance occurred.
So knowing that the body
has a mind of its own,
if you can identify that that's
where the injury, the imbalance
occurred.
>>REGINA: Ultimately lands.
>>JEAN: Yes.
Then it can be addressed.
And so since we're
so complex and we
have all these differentiated
aspects of ourselves,
how do we get to where
did that injury occur?
>>REGINA: And that's
important, because we usually
never get to it, and people run
around with chronic illness.
>>JEAN: We guess.
So the only way we do that
is through higher guidance.
Because your higher guidance
is the umbrella that
just has access to every
aspect of ourselves
and is the umbrella
that can say,
OK, this is actually
where the injury occurred.
And yet, maybe the
timing isn't right,
or maybe we have to
do something first.
We have to go through the
subconscious to first get
to the mind of the body.
So having access to your higher
guidance, which is something
that you've had me on before
so many times to discuss,
that is the most important
thing is having access to that
so that you can
understand where to start.
And the tool that I
like using the most
is, of course, the
pendulum, which
we've talked about before.
>>REGINA: And we're
going to show that again.
>>JEAN: Yeah.
And because it's the quickest
and most accurate way
to get to where
do I go with this.
I know I have a bizarre
symptom or reaction
that I want to address.
What's the root of it?
>>REGINA: And I've known
you for a lot of years now,
and I've known different
people you've worked with.
And it is always amazing how
someone comes in and thinks
they have an issue, and
you go through the layers
and layers has nothing
to do with that.
So let's say something has
happened that just struck you
as almost a traumatic
insult to your mind,
then to your emotions,
translating into the etheric.
Now, this is the subtle
field around the body.
And now, boom, it's
going into your field,
say it's going
into your stomach,
or it's going into your heart.
And you think, God,
did I eat something?
[LAUGHTER]
Because really, that's
how we approach it.
I better take some Tums
instead of winding back
what happened that made my
stomach cramp up and made
me feel so awful.
>>JEAN: Right.
Right.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, this gets even
more complicated,
because we're talking
about epigenetics.
We're talking about
ancestral memory
that is carried within the DNA
that we're also inheriting.
Now, that's a body of
dysfunction, pain, joy,
everything from generations
past that were born with.
Even a newbie, even if someone
who hasn't been hanging out
on Earth comes and does a
little fly by incarnation,
you still inherit all of that.
And it feels like your own.
Let's address ancestral memory.
>>JEAN: That is an important
aspect of allergies,
because allergies are inherited.
So it's part of that
survival program of nature.
And nature says, OK, what
has threatened my survival
in the past.
Well, if I have learned
that valuable information,
I want to make sure
my next generation is
privy to that information
because it'll save them.
It'll save their life.
And so we pass that
information on.
Allergies are often
inherited, and we'll
talk about that later.
I have a great
example of something
that I saw in my
daughter and in myself
that was clearly inherited.
>>REGINA: OK.
OK.
We'll get to that.
So let's talk about
Star Trek lessons.
The mind of the body is
always assessing everything
as a threat.
But let's talk about Star Trek.
Because you relate
something, you're a Trekkie.
>>JEAN: I am.
And forgive me if
some of these details
are wrong, because this is way
back when I was a kid watching
this Star Trek trek episode.
But here's what I remember.
An ambassador was welcomed
on board the enterprise,
and she wore this gorgeous
black gown that was covered
with sequins, very sparkly.
No one knew it,
but she was blind.
Only Spock was able
to figure it out.
So these sequins,
instead of being sequins,
were actually sensors.
And because they were all
checking out the environment
and sensing how far
away was something,
what was the expression
on your face,
and constantly
giving her feedback,
she could walk around
as if she was fully
functioning and seeing.
And no one could
tell the difference.
Well, that's what our
energy field is like.
Our energy field is
constantly sensing
both external and internal.
Is this vibration that I'm
bumping up again friendly to me
or is it a threat to me?
And we're always
making that assessment,
and that's what I learned from
Star Trek all those years ago.
>>REGINA: As you know, when I
saw the prequel about probably
18 years ago now that
the prequel came out
with Chris Pine showing the
young William Shatner and then
also young Spock and what
happened when his father was
advising him before
he came to Earth,
I had so such deep
emotional reaction.
I kept crying through
the whole film.
And I was looking
at how the mind--
and I'm just bringing
this in out of the blue
and see what you do with it--
how for me the emotions are so
deep that the mind is tasked
with being able to
use logic, so you
can make sense of all this
stuff that comes at you.
Because it makes no sense.
It's not rational.
And I'm very deeply
emotional, but I use logic.
And so to some people, it's
like, you seem very cut
and dry about this.
No, this is a matter of
my attempt to have my body
and my mind feel calm again.
And I know you talk about the
mind's body always looking
to find that place of calm.
>>JEAN: We're built to handle
stress, whether it's emotional,
mental, our immune
systems encounter
a bacterial infection.
No matter what it is, we're
built to handle stress.
And we have a normally
functioning system
to take care of that.
We see the lion, and our
heart begins to race,
and the adrenaline
starts pumping,
and we're out of there.
And then we calm down.
And that's natural and
normal and important.
>>REGINA: But that's not
happening anymore, Jean.
People aren't calming down.
>>JEAN: They aren't
calming down.
So what happens though
is occasionally,
the wires get crossed.
And instead of us being able to
take a situation where there's
stress and reason through it and
calm down, the mind of the body
can make an association
and then say, OK, this
is part of my stress here.
And this is why I
can't calm down.
And it doesn't even have
to make logical sense.
It could be something as simple
as eating an apple as a child,
and your mom came in
and said, I'm sorry,
but someone just
ran over your dog.
And the stress, emotional stress
that you feel inside your body
is saying, OK, what is
causing this pain, and said,
it must be this apple.
Now, that's not logical but
to the mind of the body,
the body, says--
>>REGINA: It's an association.
>>JEAN: Yeah.
Apples come from--
>>REGINA: A permanent
association.
>>JEAN: And from that
point on, the child
is now allergic to apples.
>>REGINA: And the
way you term that is
a stuck threat that creates
a hyper reaction, right?
>>JEAN: It does.
The body thinks it has
the brick on the gas pedal
and won't let up.
And it needs to be in constant
alert toward that vibration.
Remember, your energy
field is always sensing.
So the next time it comes into
the proximity of an apple,
it begins to react.
And some of the strangest--
>>REGINA: Oh, we're going to
go into some strange stories.
Well, we already
did it in the lead
in talking about how could you
be allergic to love, money,
God, all of that.
OK.
So let's talk.
You have a little drip line
analogy here, a little garden
analogy.
>>JEAN: Right.
This will help you to
understand how allergies
are created and
then furthermore,
how it can create
such bizarre symptoms.
Because an allergy
is far beyond drippy
nose, watery eyes, and
a rash on the skin.
Far beyond that.
It literally can manifest as
any symptom you can think of,
including behavioral
disorders, including headaches.
Beyond the physical, just
freaking out over something,
having panic attacks.
It can be even into fibromyalgia
and rheumatoid arthritis.
You name it.
An allergy can result in any
of those symptoms, anything
you can name.
So here's why.
Imagine a garden and drip
lines down the garden.
Now, this is analogous
to the meridian system.
There are 12 meridians
that run through the body,
their pathways of energy that
feed the internal organs.
>>REGINA: And people would
be familiar with that
through acupuncture.
>>JEAN: Absolutely.
Imagine that's our drip
lines of energy that are
feeding our internal garden.
Now, if you're walking in
your garden one morning
and you notice that one
of the plants is drooping,
you know there's a
blockage in that drip head.
So you'd come along, you'd pull
the drip head off, clean out
the dirt, and get the
water going again,
and revive that plant.
But that blockage didn't
just happen that instant.
In fact, it's been there for
probably two or three days
and just now you're noticing
that plant is having trouble.
Or let's say, there's a pinch
in the hose for the entire line.
You might not notice it for
years that this row of trees
never quite grew as
high as this row.
Why?
Because over the years, it never
got the same amount of water
as the other row did.
And so here, we're back
to our internal garden.
An allergy affects the
meridian system of the body.
And it begins to close
down the flow of energy
to either a drip head feeding
an organ or the entire line.
And so you can see that
how a symptom shows up
depends on which
meridian is affected.
Now, most allergies, a lot of
ones that we're familiar with,
are inhaled or
something that we eat.
And that affects the lung and
the large intestine meridian.
And so you have symptoms that
are associated with the lungs
and the large intestine, which
is why you get either the upset
stomach or the rash, which
both the large intestine
and the lungs govern the
skin, or the asthma attack
and all that.
But what happens if it's
affecting your pancreas,
and it's causing low self
esteem or an inability
to stand up for yourself?
You would never associate
that with an allergy.
And yet, any symptom
can be related
to an allergy based
on the meridian
that it's associated with.
>>REGINA: And you say there
are three different ways that
start showing itself here.
Sensitivity, intolerance,
and then allergies.
So let's talk about that.
>>JEAN: So when
we have a reaction
on the part of the
body, it shows up,
one, could be a sensitivity.
A sensitivity, it means
that you are being
overexposed to a frequency.
And this is easy to see.
It's like the torture of a
drip of water on your forehead.
You can withstand
that no problem
for a certain amount of time.
But over time, it
can drive you crazy.
I'm going to be visiting
my mom in Minnesota.
She's 100 years old.
My brother has warned me that
because she's hard at hearing,
she has the TV blasting.
He said, the first couple
of weeks, it's fine.
But after that,
you're driven crazy.
And so that causes you
to become sensitive
to a certain vibration, and
this can truly drive you insane.
What's the remedy?
You reduce the frequency.
Simple as that.
And it could mean you have
to completely remove yourself
from the situation and
that particular vibration
for a long period of time to
let the mind of the body calm
back down.
The second thing
is an intolerance.
An intolerance is
quite different.
It says, I just can't
tolerate something.
How does that show up?
In the body, when we talk
about a food intolerance,
it means that we're
missing an enzyme.
For example, you
can't process gluten,
because you don't have
the enzyme for it.
Or you can't process
dairy, because you
don't have the enzyme for it.
But take it to an
energy level, it
means you don't have
an understanding
to process the information
that's coming at you.
An example would be of
an acquaintance that
was in our circle
of friends years
ago that started telling us
about a new boyfriend she had.
He was everything,
handsome and rich.
OK.
And he talked
constantly with her
about the places
they wanted to visit
around the world and the
homes they were going to buy.
They even went down to a truck.
Lot they were going to
pay cash for a truck.
Didn't happen.
But she just totally
got swept up into this--
>>REGINA: Into a dream world.
>>JEAN: --a dream world.
She had everything she
could possibly imagine.
He asked her to marry him.
The rest of us were
a little bit jealous,
because it was too
good to be true.
And it was.
He was a pathological liar.
And none of what he talked
about was true at all.
And then when she
started to catch on,
he did what a lot of liars
will do, he gaslit her.
Yeah.
Turned it back on
her like, you're
the one that's not trusting me.
You're the one that's
falsely accusing me.
But over time, what we
saw is her whole sense
of self diminished
and be eroded away.
She had no way of
processing this information.
She had never come
across someone that
was a pathological liar before.
Did not know how
to deal with it.
Didn't know how to process it.
And instead, it started
eating away at who she was
and who she thought she was.
>>REGINA: Did it have physical
symptoms that went with it?
>>JEAN: Oh, her
energy went down.
She began to have anxiety.
Yeah.
She became a shadow of herself.
Fortunately, she came
across some counselors
that helped her to
understand what was going on
so that she could process it.
And this is no small thing,
because mood disorders are not
uncommon at all.
And when you encounter
someone that either
is a pathological liar, has
different mood disorders
like could be
borderline personality.
>>REGINA: Psychotic breaks.
You're not even aware of it.
Yeah.
>>JEAN: Right.
Right.
If you have no
previous awareness
of how that manifests
and you buy into that,
it can completely disrupt
your own energy field
and cause a threat to
the mind of the body.
>>REGINA: So how does that play
into then an allergic response?
>>JEAN: So this isn't
an allergic response.
Like an intolerance, the
body just cannot process it.
So what's needed there
is understanding.
And oftentimes, when I'm
working with clients,
that's where my
pendulum will take
me is to help that
person understand
what is the situation
they're in and how
is it that they can process
the information that's
coming at them.
All right.
Then the last of the three is--
>>REGINA: Flat out allergy.
>>JEAN: --a flat out allergy.
Now, let's redefine an allergy.
So from an energetic
viewpoint, an allergy
is an attempt upon
the part of the body
to protect you against something
it thinks is going to harm you.
And this is the important
secret of this whole thing
and how it is that I'm going to
show you how you can completely
undo an allergy.
OK.
Because an allergy is
about how the body thinks.
It doesn't have anything
to do with the substance
itself but rather
what the body thinks.
For an example, is there
anything about pollen
that's going to kill you?
No.
Is there anything about dust
that's going to kill you?
Why do so many
people have allergies
to pollens and to dust?
Well, that was really
a mystery to me
until one day, when I
listened to a program on TV
about the Dust Bowl days.
And I had no idea
how deadly dust was.
People were dying with an
inch thick layer of dust
in their lungs and they
were doing everything
that they could to protect
themselves from dust,
boarding up their windows and
putting towels around so that
hopefully to keep any speck of
dust from entering their homes.
Because dust would kill you.
Now, guess what
information gets passed on?
>>REGINA: Right.
And when you think
about it, you're
talking about in Sahara
Africa and other arid parts
of the world, including
even the West in America,
dust is a threat.
It is a threat to people.
And so here, you're
talking about, again,
these ancestral
patterns, maybe going
back further generationally
than we can understand
that dust is a threat.
So it's not just like from one
or two generations ago even.
>>JEAN: Right.
So what's the difference
between my body,
which does not have
an allergy to dust,
and somebody else's body?
The difference is my body
doesn't think there's a threat.
The other person's body does.
So if it's just about how the
body thinks, the question is,
can we change the body's mind?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>JEAN: Can we get
it to unthink that?
And the answer is yes, we can.
And we do it in the same way
that allergies are created.
So an allergy, again,
is created under stress,
where the body
perceives a threat
and begins to shut down the
meridian system in an effort
to protect you from
something that it
thinks is going to harm you.
Right.
So how do we undo that?
We put our body back in the
presence of that substance.
I usually just write
it on a piece of paper
and I say, here,
hold that thought.
Because the thought
is a vibration.
Right.
And so you hold the
thought of dust,
and then you open the meridian
system and show the body, look,
you're in the presence of this.
You thought it was going to
hurt you, but you're open,
and you're flowing,
and you're fine.
Oh.
I guess it wasn't the
problem after all that
I thought it was.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
So let's talk about the woman.
There's a woman, I remember,
you told me about her daughter
was allergic to water.
And I'm bringing this
up for a reason too.
Because you think, everything
is dependent on water
for survival.
How can anyone be
allergic to water?
>>JEAN: Exactly.
Yeah.
So that question
came up for me when
I was giving a
presentation one time,
and someone in
the audience says,
my daughter's allergic to water.
How could that even be possible?
And I said, well--
>>REGINA: Well, was she trying
to con her into having soda
instead?
>>JEAN: No.
But the first response or my
first logical response to that
would be, well, let's just
say in a past generation,
there was a
near-drowning episode.
What message would get
passed on about water?
It will kill you.
And surprisingly,
there are a lot of--
I've heard of a lot of kids
that are allergic to cold water.
So then I think of hypothermia.
Yeah.
And again, the message
gets passed on down,
cold water will kill you.
>>REGINA: It was funny,
because recently, I
was trying to figure
out some things.
And I had this book.
How many people have
bought Dale Olsen's book?
Because we've talked
about it on this show.
Anyway, this is very complete.
And so I was going through
all these different things
and what could be the
cause of this response?
And water came up.
And now, I didn't go
into it any further.
And I thought,
that's impossible.
And then you and I had
talked about this situation
with water.
So I'll go back and
peel the layer back.
But this is interesting, because
if you don't have something
like this that
has all this stuff
lined up for you to
identify, and you
don't know how to douse,
then how are you ever going
to unravel this?
>>JEAN: It can be
very difficult.
And that's why people
spend years and years
and years and
thousands of dollars
trying to get at
a root issue, when
if they would learn how to
access their higher guidance
and let their higher guidance
direct what is going on
and get to the root issue,
they can save themselves
tons of frustration.
>>REGINA: They can.
And almost all my
friends have this book,
because you turned
me on to it ages ago.
You know a lot of them
actually, and they all
play with this book.
And what's interesting
is your higher mind
could give you this information
directly if you were that
clear a channel to yourself.
But most people are not.
>>JEAN: No, no.
>>REGINA: And it's
very difficult
to get that amount of
refined information
from the higher mind.
>>JEAN: And I always say you
need a way to verify, trust
but verify.
>>REGINA: And I have
found that that is true.
And so everyone's different.
I want to talk about this,
because we brought it up.
We'll talk about allergies
to money and allergies
to God in a minute.
But let's just talk about some
of the practical elements.
So if you're doing
this book and you're
looking for, say,
allergic reactions
to things, the
way I do it, which
is a little different,
because I want to make
sure I'm not fooling myself--
some of the stuff is really
very specific about even
amino acids.
And here's one about
different kinds
of normal allergens and such.
What I do when I'm using it is
I don't give it my attention.
So when I'm dowsing,
you have to stay loose.
And I close my eyes, and I let
the book sit in front of me,
and I just do this.
I just check out,
and then I wait
until I feel a
strong steady pulse,
lower it, and see what
it's dragging over.
And it is shocking.
It's always shocking to me
that your higher mind has
hit on the exact right thing.
It's like, how is that possible?
>>JEAN: How is that possible?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Because recently, just
as a small example,
I thought, OK, if there's some
underlying viral pattern going
on, I wonder what it could be.
And I didn't have at my contacts
in, so I couldn't see anything.
It was all a blur to begin with,
and then I did this process.
And the first one
that came up was SARS.
Well, of course, I had COVID.
I thought, OK,
that's interesting.
And each thing it went
through was right on.
There were things
that had actually
been diagnosed in the past.
And so it's showing the
old stuff hanging around
underneath, which we forget
about as you go through life.
There are a lot of things
compromising our immune system,
for example.
So that's how I do
it, because just
so I know I'm not getting
my mind involved in it.
How do you do it?
You do it so much and so often
to, you know to trust yourself.
>>JEAN: I always start with
the broadest question possible,
and that is there something
my higher guidance wants
me to clear at this time.
So you start with the broadest.
And if it says, OK,
this is an imbalance
in the mind of the body.
Then I know it's one
of those three things.
Then I narrow it down.
OK, is it a sensitivity?
Then I know that I just have
to reduce my frequency to it.
If it's an intolerance, there's
something I need to know
and an understanding
I need to come to.
And if it's an allergy, I need
to show the body that it's
safe with that frequency.
But here's the thing that is
important about what you're
doing is that because you're not
allowing that logic mind to get
in there by closing your
eyes and just letting it go,
it can go to
something like water.
>>REGINA: It went to water.
That's why I brought it up.
It was water, I have
to talk to Jean.
>>JEAN: Because if
you were looking,
your logic mind would have
said, it can't be that
and you would have dismissed it.
Right.
And that's important is to get
the logic mind out of the way
and learn techniques
to do that so
that you don't dismiss things.
Because you can literally be
allergic to anything at all.
One of my favorite stories
is about a gentleman that
called me and said, I want
my wife to come and see you,
which isn't really a good sign.
And sure enough,
she walks in, you
could clearly at least see
she didn't want to be there.
She was sullen.
>>REGINA: She was allergic
to the whole thing.
>>JEAN: Yeah.
She was sullen.
She didn't want to talk to me.
I didn't know it
but her husband had
sent her to doctor after
doctor to figure out
what was going on.
>>REGINA: Was she
allergic to him?
>>JEAN: That didn't come
up, but that is possible.
OK.
Because she can be
allergic to anything.
So she really didn't
want to talk to me
or tell me what was going on.
Then I thought, OK.
Well, fortunately, I don't
really need to talk to you.
I just need to
talk to your body,
I need to talk to
your higher guidance.
What's going on here?
So her higher guidance said
to do an allergy clearing
for two things, the drop in
barometric pressure and cold.
>>REGINA: Oh.
>>JEAN: OK.
So I do this little
thing on her.
We get the meridians flowing.
With that thought,
the drop, I literally
wrote it on a piece of paper,
said here, hold this thought.
The drop in barometric
pressure and cold.
Then she walked
out of the office.
Well, again, unbeknownst
to me, for over 20 years,
she had suffered with
seasonal affective disorder.
>>REGINA: I was going to say.
Yeah.
It's a drop in
barometric pressure.
>>JEAN: And it
would begin as soon
as the rains would
start in the fall
and wouldn't let up
until springtime.
For more than 20
years, she would hardly
get out of her pajamas
for that entire time.
So you can see why
her husband would
want to send her to place
to place to place to try
to figure out what's going on.
Well, she felt like
a new woman when
she walked out of the office.
I thought, what is
going on with me?
I've got all this crazy
energy flowing through me.
Oh my God.
I feel good.
She went out and
got her hair done.
On the way home, she buys
a bunch of groceries.
It just so happened to
be their anniversary.
She made a beautiful
dinner, got her makeup on,
wore a pretty dress, had
a candlelight dinner.
And her husband
walks in the door,
and she says, notice
anything different?
>>REGINA: Like everything.
I'm not in my fuzzy
slippers and my sweats.
>>JEAN: And it was permanent.
>>REGINA: What's interesting
about that was I'm
listening to this.
This is what's flowing
in, because you know me,
you know reincarnation.
I can't see life except for
cycles and cycles of lives.
And we don't know, that
could come from another time
that we're not aware of.
It could come
ancestrally, either one.
It doesn't matter
which one it is.
But the fact is you're probably
not going to figure it out
with the conscious mind.
>>JEAN: No, no.
You won't.
And things can be
just completely
illogical, make no sense at all.
But to the mind of
the body, it made
some sense somewhere along
the line and an association
was made.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
Let's talk about being
allergic to money.
>>JEAN: OK.
Well, so here's the thing is
that the very thing that you
desire--
love, success, money-- if
you find yourself pushing
that vibration away,
almost like you
are physically allergic to it
and you're sabotaging yourself,
then the very thing you
desire will elude you.
Now, talk about money, I have
never watched the show Ozark,
but I know it's about a
lot of money laundering.
Can you imagine the
high stress environment
of dealing with money?
Money can literally
get you killed.
Right.
So can love.
Love can get you killed.
And so anything at all.
Power, power can get you killed.
So how does that register
in the mind of the body?
Let's keep ourselves as far
away from that as possible.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Because there may have been
a circumstance from the past
or through your ancestral
line that led to exactly that.
>>JEAN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So again, we don't know why
we're having these feelings.
So let's say, you're
allergic to love,
because there was something, a
passionate tryst that you ended
up being murdered over,
say, in another lifetime
or your grandmother.
So let's make it ancestral.
How would you go about
then defining that?
Dale Olsen isn't murdered
over love or a tryst.
How do you go
about drilling down
to that level when it's a heavy
emotional ancestral or past
life issue?
>>JEAN: Trust your
higher guidance.
Use your higher guidance
and the pendulum
to point you to the words,
whatever it is that your higher
guidance is saying, this
is the root of this allergy
and what you're trying
to protect yourself from.
Remember, everything
is a vibration,
and literally, anything
can be an allergy.
So suspend your logic mind,
because something may come up
that will make absolute no--
>>REGINA: You're suddenly afraid
of money, you get a job offer.
And there's a lot more
money, and you tense up
and you're nervous.
That would be an example, right?
>>JEAN: It would be an example.
It would be an
example if you even
thought about
winning the lottery,
and you start going into
it in your imagination
and start having a panic attack.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
So there's something there.
>>JEAN: Yeah.
That's the mind and
your body saying,
that's a vibration we need
to protect ourselves from.
And it could be money
plus something else.
It could be love
And the most important thing
is just suspend your logic mind
and just go with it.
Because see, here's the thing,
it's not going to hurt you,
even if you got it
wrong, it's certainly not
going to hurt you
to clear an allergy.
If you write down a thought,
like you write down love.
You go, what the heck?
I'm going to do it.
If you're opening up
the flow of energy
through the meridians
to the energy of love,
how would that
possibly hurt you?
So allergy, clearing
any kind of allergy is--
>>REGINA: But this is a big one.
This is one of the biggest
ones for all of humanity,
the fear of abandonment.
And this goes deep, deep.
And then we're going to get
into the big one, fear of God.
>>JEAN: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
The fear of abandonment.
>>JEAN: Yes.
And so if you feel
that that is something
that you have
either in your past
or you're recognizing I
have a knee jerk reaction--
people talk about
in relationships,
when they just meet somebody
new or that person has baggage
or whatever, and they
actually know it.
Because the person
can say something
and they meant it in a very
harmless way, and the person
will go off on them
in a bizarre reaction.
That is an allergic
reaction to that frequency.
For an example, I
mentioned about the lady
that was in a relationship
with a pathological liar.
You can bet that if she
met somebody else that
even told us a slight white
lie, she would overreact.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
So what this does
in my mind is we're
able to look at each other
with compassion, because we
understand these are areas
that our being has perceived
our survival on some
level was under threat.
And every one of us comes
with a different package.
Right.
And so to learn to
be a little more
accepting and compassion
with each other
with these bizarre
reactions to life.
>>JEAN: And clear
those allergies.
Because it will do
absolutely no harm at all.
Even if you had no allergy
to love, if you clear it,
it's not going to harm you.
>>REGINA: So what's it sound
like if you've gone through,
now you've dowsed this and that.
And oh, goodness.
This is weird.
It pairs them allergic to love.
What do you say to yourself
when you're doing the clearing?
>>JEAN: So the easiest
way to do it to open up
that meridian
flow, first of all,
write the thought down
on a piece of paper.
And then things like
the tapping method.
People are familiar
with tapping.
That's pretty popular.
That's opening up the
flow of meridians.
But even simpler than
that is rubbing your ears.
>>REGINA: Oh, OK.
Interesting, because
all the meridian endings
are in your ears.
>>JEAN: Or your feet.
Get yourself a--
>>REGINA: A foot rub, yeah.
>>JEAN: Yeah, a foot massage.
So holding that piece
of paper, or you
could put it next to
your navel, and then
just keep rubbing your feet
or rubbing your ears until you
feel a sense of calm.
And actually, I've
seen it so many times.
You can tell when it's
done because the person
involuntarily goes [SIGH].
>>REGINA: If you're
holding your pendulum too,
it'll tell you when it's done.
>>JEAN: Yeah, that too.
So that's the simplest way
to do it, and believe me,
it's permanent which is
just the craziest thing.
Here you could
have been allergic
to something for 25 years,
and in a matter of minutes,
it's over.
Because it's almost
like a corrupted file.
Once you correct
the corrupted file,
there's no reason for
the mind and the body
to go back and
say, wait a minute,
where was that corrupted file?
Let's go back and pull
that back up again.
There's no reason for
the body to do that.
The body says, oh, I see
that I'm fine with this,
it's safe, OK.
And it just says that, OK.
>>REGINA: God.
>>JEAN: God.
The mother allergy of all.
>>REGINA: Yeah, God.
Interesting topic.
I'm doing a lot of work
around the perceptions
of what the whole story, and
particularly the Old Testament,
has done to humanity.
>>JEAN: Oh my.
>>REGINA: Because you and I
were both raised with religion
and subjected to those stories.
>>JEAN: I used to, as a
child, read stories of the Old
Testament and scared--
>>REGINA: Oh my
god, just horrible.
Seeing some with a dagger
over their baby's heart--
just traumatizing to children.
>>JEAN: Traumatizing.
And now think, here's
the worst of it.
And this-- I don't know about
other religions, but let's
just talk typical Christianity.
We're told that we
have this loving God.
Now if there was a
serial killer out there
that was lighting people
on fire, we would--
>>REGINA: By the thousands.
>>JEAN: --give him
the chair, right?
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>JEAN: But we're told
there's a god that
will light you on fire.
And not only that, will
suspend your life and your soul
so that you burn not
just for a day or a week.
>>REGINA: But for eternity.
>>JEAN: For eternity.
And just not-- for not
knowing the name of Jesus.
>>REGINA: Right, exactly.
This sounded fishy to me
by the time I hit five,
but nonetheless, the damage
is already done by then.
What it does to our psyche.
And now-- and a lot of
people that are watching this
were also raised with religion
at one time in their lives
and now have almost
an allergic reaction
to hearing the word "God."
And it has to be completely--
but yet open to the
notion that there's
some beautiful, creative
force and beautiful blueprint
and template behind a rose, and
the planets, and everything.
But you better not
say the word God.
>>JEAN: That's right.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>JEAN: And you better
watch your Ps and Qs,
because if you do the least,
the slightest offense--
>>REGINA: Gonna to get ya.
>>JEAN: Yes.
Yes, and there's that fear.
So of course on an unconscious
level the mind and the body
is allergic to God.
So it is one of the
allergies that I-- again,
I call the mother allergy--
that I have all my
students clear right away.
Because after having
the allergy to God,
the next one is the
allergy to being God.
OK, we're told that we are
spiritual beings having
a human experience, right?
We have a soul, we
have a divine aspect
that is an individuated
aspect of God.
But how dare you
say that you're God
or that you're part
of that God energy?
How dare you?
And you can imagine in past
generations, that would
definitely get you killed.
>>REGINA: Oh yeah, absolutely.
You'd be hung for
that one, or burned.
>>JEAN: Right.
So you do the allergy clearing
for God, then to being God.
But here's how it now
translates even further.
It translates into an
allergy to authority
and an allergy to
inner authority.
And here's the story I have to
tell you about my daughter that
was so amazing.
We recently had
lunch, and she says,
mom, you have to clear
my allergy to authority.
I know I have it because every
time I would go in and talk
to my previous boss,
I would get so nervous
before I would talk to him.
Even if I knew I was right,
I'd almost have a panic attack
and I'd end up crying before
going into the office.
And as she's telling
me, you can see
she's almost having an allergic
reaction as she's talking.
She's getting all red,
her eyes are getting wide,
and she's breathing
really shallow.
And then it reminded me
that's how I used to be.
I can remember when I was so
allergic to authority that
to question a doctor,
to question a dentist,
to question anybody that
was speaking-- like,
I'd be at a conference--
>>REGINA: You didn't
dare question authority.
>>JEAN: You didn't dare--
>>REGINA: That's a big
one for a lot of people.
>>JEAN: You'd have
your head chopped off.
>>REGINA: A lot of people
who are listening right now,
big one.
>>JEAN: Right.
And I would get so
nervous that just
anticipating raising my hand
and formulating my question,
I would-- my heart would
start beating out of my chest.
I would feel faint
and I'd wonder,
am I even going to
be able to speak?
Because my throat
would be closing up.
She clearly inherited from--
inherited it from me.
>>REGINA: From you, yeah.
>>JEAN: So I had done
the allergy clearing--
>>REGINA: And your mother
was a God-fearing woman.
>>JEAN: Oh, yes she was.
So I had almost forgotten that
till I witnessed it in her,
and since I had done my allergy
clearing to God and to being
God, I realized I don't
have that anymore.
I feel so calm with
authority, so calm
about standing up for myself
and expressing my point of view,
even if it questions what
the dogma is out there
and what the
authority is saying.
And so of course, we
did that for my daughter
and she couldn't stop
calling afterwards
to tell me all the ways she was
noticing things were different.
She's called, said mom, I
even told somebody on the bus
to move over.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Good for her.
So we're out of time right now.
I mean, we've-- wow, we could go
for quite a while on this one.
But thank you for
sharing that final story.
Any final thought?
First of all, we have to do this
because people will be asking,
what was that?
So this is the pendulum
charts by Dale Olson--
O-L-S-O-N. So you
can get it on Amazon.
So anyway, that's the book.
You buy pendulums anywhere,
make your own if you have to.
Yeah, any final
thoughts, Jean, on this?
This has been very,
very helpful and I
think it helps people have
more empathy for themselves
and each other, too.
>>JEAN: Yeah.
If you find that you're having
a bizarre reaction to something,
check to see.
Ask your higher guidance,
do I have a mind
of the body imbalance here?
And if so, which is it
and what do I do about it?
>>REGINA: Here here.
Thank you so much.
As always very, very--
I love it.
Always very useful.
Thank you, Jean, and
we'll be seeing you again.
As always, an enlightening
conversation, and one that's
coming up in a lot of research
from a variety of authors
now-- to listen to the
body as it's always
trying to tell us the truth.
Meanwhile, you can go to
jeanslatter.com to tap
into more of Jean's work.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[AUDIO LOGO]